Intructor 1:
Let we introduce ourselfs to you guys. 


My name is Muhammad Khalid Khan and I have done Bachelors in 
Electronics Engineering from Dawood University of Engineering and 
Technology, one of the prestige university of Pakistan.Beside that, I have
done many courses related to field, some of them are

1. General Electrical
2. Power System
3. PLC, microprocessor and microcontroller
4. Mechatronics
5. Industrial Electronics
6. Communication Systems and Linear Circuit
7. Analog and Digital


I have experienced of working in industries like General Tyre and Karachi Shipyard

Intructor 2:

My name is Muhammad Muneeb Waseem and I have done Bachelors in 
Electric Engineering from NED University of Engineering and 
Technology, a reputable engineering university in the world. Alongside that, I have
done multiple courses in this area, some of them are

1. Electrical Power Generation
2. General Electrical
3. Power System
4. Microprocessor and microcontroller
5. Industrial Electronics
6. Communication Systems and Linear Circuit
7. Analog and Digital


I have experienced of working in industries like Gatron Industries Limited and 
Karachi Shipyard




Course Contents:

This course is designed by two professional engineers. It is a 
fundamental electrical course from basic to advance level. It is divided into two sections

Theoritical and Practical Handsonn

Theoritical section:
It covers the following area

1. Safety Rules
2. What is Electricity? And different types of loads
3. Basic Definitions
4. Comparision of AC and DC source
5. Electrical Components and their working
6. Wire sizing as per current rating
7. Difference between Single phase and Three Phase
8. Difference between Relay and Contactor 
9. Single Line Diagram (SLD)
10. Forward and Reverse motor control SLD


Practical Handson:
Firstly, it will comprises concept about provided topics and each topic will be 
explained with practical to get you guys complete idea about each and every 
topic

1. Series and Parallel circuit demonstration
2. Open and Concealed wiring
3. Stair and Godown wiring
4. Mother of Controlling (using Relay)
5. Demontration of Contactor with auxillary contacts
6. Interlocking (using Contactor)
7. Use of Limit Switch with Contactor
8. Timer-based load controlling
9. Series board
10. Troubleshooting






